To complete the discussion on the ItemWriter,
I'm going to demonstrate running the full batch job
using the fully implemented ItemReader, ItemProcessor,
and ItemWriter.
I'm also going to use the full test file to verify functionality.
Note that I'll be following Demo 22 found in the DEMOS.
md file in the root project directory.
With the ItemReader, Processor, and Writer in place,
let's try to execute the full batch job.
In the toolbar,
make sure the PatientBatchLoaderApp is selected and run your server.
With the Batch Application running successfully, I can open up the REST client.
I'm going to once again use the method of GET,
the host and port as localhost:8080, but I'm going to change the path.
Instead of using this path, I'm going to instead use test.
csv.
Let me change that now.
This will run the full file.
If the job is successful, we're going to again see a Success message.
Let's try that now, and we see Success.
Now let's check the runtime log.
Verify that you see a line noting the start of the job and a
line that denotes success for the job.
To complete the verification, let's open up a browser.
I've once again navigated to the H2 Console at localhost:8080/console,
and I've entered in the default settings for the form.
I'm going to click Connect, and once I connect,
I'm going to select the PATIENT table.
This added a query to the SQL console,
and it's going to select all of the patient records for me.
Let's run that.
If I scroll to the bottom,
I'm going to see that the job processed successfully and I have
a total of 1000 rows in the database table. This completes the execution of the full batch job.